[Applause]
welcome back if you're just joining us I
have taken control of this show tonight
normally this program is hosted by that
tonight it's being hosted by this
[Applause]
well look this seems like a good
opportunity to explain the origin of all
the hatred and bitterness between me and
Jimmy Kimmel I think it's time people
finally know the truth
Jimmy bumps me from his show every night
because Jimmy always wanted to be an
actor and unfortunately for him I beat
him out
for every role that he ever truly wanted
Jimmy his audition for every movie I've
ever been in oh that's true every single
one of them and how many did he get none
so he hates me and look I know it seems
hard to believe so to prove it to you
guys I I called every casting director
in town to get tapes of all of Jimmy's
auditions
[Music]
you guys want to see him yeah no I'm
sorry Jimmy I I'm gonna have to show I
mean yeah go ahead you can roll it this
is Jimmy Kimmel reading for the role of
Will Hunting well I got a number how do
you like them apples again how do you
like them apples do you like apples I
have them
so you're the guy running for office
aren't you you bet I am
and judging from your speech you're not
winning well that's what happens when
you're part of the adjustment Bureau
what are you doing sorry whose plan with
enough stretching it out no you you
can't do it to the camera when you
so you're the guy running for them you
bet I am you go let me finish you know
this movie is animated right huh it's a
voiceover audition what it's a voiceover
audition well why am I in the costume hi
kids I'm happy feet - okay cut my beak
is in my eye
okay next nope thanks judging from your
speech you're not winning that's what
happens when you're part of the
adjustment Bureau
okay you said that camera wasn't
supposed to do it - OH - you have you've
done this before whenever you're ready
you're adorable what's that you say I'm
adorable - well that's why we bought a
zoo
yeah before we start could I just
clarify am ia a - Stuckey or the Stucker
I mean who's stuck to do here I don't
I'm sorry does that matter for the
process really part of my process it
does matter
who the hell are you I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and I'm stuck on you we look into Matt
Damon don't do it the movies called suck
on TV but do it hey hey I don't know
what this is is this like a pity reading
or something no no you're here on your
own merit and don't you Alex I think you
tell her she's here
thinks this is a pinning meeting how do
you like them apples how do you like
them apples I swear to God if I even
feel somebody behind me there is no
measuring how I stop I think we should
just yeah yeah yeah yeah you ready to
give us an action again look I swear to
God if I even feel somebody behind me
there is no measured around yeah are you
doing I'm reading my part no no that's
your the other part I'm Jason Bourne I
thought I was reading for born why would
you I mean I played him in the first two
movies why would you do that's been
apart well I didn't see the first two
movies and thanks for saying spoiler
alert is wrong what goes on here I mean
he didn't say spoiler alert I'm really
I'm sorry man
spoiler alert
[Applause]
[Music]